Restructure nightly landing page (#1470)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: web/content/release-nightly.adoc

== Installation

* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Installing_Server/index-foreman-el.html[Installing Foreman on RHEL/CentOS]
* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Installing_Server/index-foreman-deb.html[Installing Foreman on Debian/Ubuntu]
* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Installing_Server/index-katello.html[Installing Katello on RHEL/CentOS]

* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Installing_Proxy/index-foreman-el.html[Installing Smart Proxy on RHEL/CentOS]
* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Installing_Proxy/index-foreman-deb.html[Installing Smart Proxy on Debian/Ubuntu]
* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Installing_Proxy/index-katello.html[Installing Smart Proxy with content on RHEL/CentOS]

== Upgrading

* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Release_notes/index-foreman-el.html[Release notes for Foreman on RHEL/CentOS]
* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Release_notes/index-foreman-deb.html[Release notes for Foreman on Debian/Ubuntu]
* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Release_notes/index-katello.html[Release notes for Katello on RHEL/CentOS]

// Upgrading guides are not ready for non-Katello
//* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Upgrading_and_Updating/index-foreman-el.html[Upgrading and Updating Foreman on RHEL/CentOS]

> //* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Upgrading_and_Updating/index-foreman-deb.html[Upgrading and Updating Katello]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//* link:/{FOREMAN_VER}/Upgrading_and_Updating/index-foreman-deb.html[Upgrading and Updating Foreman on Debian]
```
